Ls/zenodo doc (#473)
FormingWorlds/PROTEUS: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Functions should include a docstring where possible, describing the function's purpose and parameters.
6. Indentation deeper than 3 levels should be avoided.

### Large files, output, and input data

> Large files should **not** be committed to the repository. This means model results, plots, and files you create during analysis. Including these will make Git operations sluggish and make version control tricky, as Git is only meant for managing text (e.g. code) files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large files should **not** be committed to the repository. This means that model results, plots, and files you create during analysis should not be be staged and committed to a PROTEUS online branch. Including these (even accidentally) in the repository will make Git operations sluggish and make version control tricky, as Git is only meant for managing text (e.g. code) files.
```

PROTEUS relies on input data files that can be potentially large. These are stored outside the Git repository in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/communities/proteus_framework/), and duplicated in the [OSF](https://osf.io/8dumn/). When running PROTEUS, it will automatically download the necessary input data from Zenodo (or from the OSF in case the connection to Zenodo cannot be established) and store it locally inside your FWL data folder defined by the `FWL_DATA` environment variable in your shell. Placing large files in this folder allows them to be kept on 'storage' file systems on clusters to avoid reaching your allocation limits.

If you want to add new input data you can either update a Zenodo record or create a new one.

1. **Updating a record** For instance, if you want to add a new stellar spectra, you will update the `stellar_spectra/Named` record on Zenodo, making sure the file you add is in a consistent format with that of the other files contained in the record.

> 2. **Creating a record** If you want instead to add a new model for the absorption properties of the atmsosphere, you will create a new Zenodo record named `spectral_files/model_name/number_of_bands` and upload the model files in a consistent format with that of the other spectral files used in PROTEUS. It is important for clarity and data management that the name of the records follow the organisation of the FWL data repository consistently. The next step is to update/create the python download function in PROTEUS located in `src/proteus/utils/data.py` that will download the new data. The created Zenodo record number must be provided. Note that sometimes the download function is located in a submodule (Mors, Aragog…).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Creating a record** If you want instead to add a new model for the absorption properties of the atmosphere, you will create a new Zenodo record named `spectral_files/model_name/number_of_bands` and upload the model files in a consistent format with that of the other spectral files used in PROTEUS. It is important for clarity and data management that the name of the records follow the organisation of the FWL data repository consistently. The next step is to update/create the python download function in PROTEUS located in `src/proteus/utils/data.py` that will download the new data. The created Zenodo record number must be provided. Note that sometimes the download function is located in a submodule (e.g. Mors, Aragog…).
```
